fix: allow dots in the description of release branches (#54)
conventional-branch/conventional-branch: content/_index.md

### Basic Rules

> 1. **Use Lowercase Alphanumeric, Hyphens, and Dots**: Always use lowercase letters (a-z), numbers (0-9), and hyphens to separate words. Avoid special characters, underscores, or spaces. Branches preparing releases may include dots in the description part to represent version numbers (e.g., `release/v1.2.0`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Use Lowercase Alphanumerics, Hyphens, and Dots**: Always use lowercase letters (`a-z`), numbers (`0-9`), and hyphens(`-`) to separate words. Avoid special characters, underscores, or spaces. For release branches, dots(`.`) may be used in the description to represent version numbers (e.g., `release/v1.2.0`).
```

> 2. **No Consecutive, Leading, or Trailing Hyphens or Dots**: Ensure that hyphens and dots do not appear consecutively (e.g., `feature/new--login`, `release/v1.-2.0`), nor at the beginning or end of the description (e.g., `feature/-new-login`, `release/v1.2.0.`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **No Consecutive, Leading, or Trailing Hyphens or Dots**: Ensure that hyphens and dots do not appear consecutively (e.g., `feature/new--login`, `release/v1.-2.0`), nor at the start or end of the description (e.g., `feature/-new-login`, `release/v1.2.0.`).
```
